# What should be put in each directory in src?

I am going to split header (seperate folders for header and source files) structure here, you can use any file structure

## configuration

This file is automatically generated.

## impl

.cc files / files that contain implementations for both public and private headers

## inc

.h files / private header files

## Convention I have followed for this project

Public headers are going to be in include/${PROJECT_NAME}/.

Private headers are going to be in src/inc/.

All implementations are going to be in src/impl.

The directory and file structure src/impl will represent the logical components of the projects,
include/project and src/inc directories should try to mimic this structure.

```bash
cmake-init
 ├── include
 │   └── cmake-init
 │       └── cmake_init_lib.h
 ├── src
 │   ├── configuration
 │   │   ├── config.h
 │   │   └── config.h.ini
 │   ├── inc
 │   │   └── cmake_init_lib
 │   │       └── print_greeting.h
 │   ├── impl
 │   │   ├── cmake_init_lib
 │   │   │   └── print_greeting.h
 │   │   ├── cmake_init_lib.cc
 │   │   └── main.cpp
```

include/cmake-init/cmake_init_lib.h provides the interface and src/impl/cmake_init_lib.cc is the implementation.

All private headers and implementations are requried for include/cmake-init/cmake_init_lib.h and src/impl/cmake_init_lib.cc
are arranged in src/inc/cmake_init_lib/ and src/impl/cmake_init_lib/.

**Note**: cmake_init_lib.h is a public header and any header file from src/inc/ must not be included in it.

### Thing to note

- We include both public and private headers must combine to represent the project structure of impl/.

```bash
cmake-init
 ├── src
 │   ├── configuration
 │   │   ├── config.h
 │   │   └── config.h.ini
 │   ├── inc + include/cmake-init
 │   │   ├── cmake_init_lib.h
 │   │   └── cmake_init_lib
 │   │       └── print_greeting.h
 │   ├── impl
 │   │   ├── cmake_init_lib.cc
 │   │   ├── cmake_init_lib
 │   │   │   └── print_greeting.h
 │   │   └── main.cpp
```

- Both are public and private header files are included the same way.
- The namespace of the project is also structured in the same way.
